We wanted to do a simple and easy app to develop and use. We took inspiration from a guess the number app and made it into a guess the color app. What we originally wanted to do was to make the color random every time you chose the level and if you got it incorrect we would give you a hint and you would try again. If you chose the correct color you would beat that level and move onto the next, and if you chose the same level it would be a different color than the last. This however proved to difficult and scrapped that idea. The two main points in our old idea was the randomiser and the all the screens we had to make for each color. So for our new idea we made it even more simple and easy for us to make and new by just choosing a preset color on each level and gave a riddle for that color. So now when choosing the level it would always be the same color and the help into guessing that color would be a riddle on the top of the screen. The two main focus here are now making the app work properly and keeping the app in order. For example the difficulties we’ve had is the music in the main menu kept playing when going on another screen and when going back into the main menu it would play again and over the one before it. Another problem we had was screens. When choosing the correct color it would crash the app but when choosing the incorrect color it would work just fine and go to the incorrect screen. Another was the video screens. We added videos in the app and we set a certain pixel and or size for it but it wouldn't play in those lines and show up as an even tinier screen than the preset screen size. Minor issues was just button failures. We fixed the music looping. What we did is set it to play in foreground, meaning that it will only play in the screen where it originates and stops when another screen is open. For the correct screen, which was a huge issue in our app what we did is leave it because if anything it just reboots the game going back into the main menu so we pout that or rather left that in as a feature.  


The development of the app was more of an collaborative process as each day we took turns to work on the project as the ones sitting out for the day was giving ideas and helped the one working on the project.